[Docs-2.0] FAQ-UseWasabi small update 2 (#1096)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

> You can generate a new bech32 address in the `Receive` tab of Wasabi Wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate a new bech32 address in the `Receive` dialog of Wasabi Wallet.
```

> First you must set a label for it, so that you later know who has sent you bitcoin to this address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First you must set a label for it, so that you later know who knows that this address is yours.
```

Be precise in the label of the observers who know this address is yours, as this is an important part of good [coin selection](/why-wasabi/Coins.md) privacy best practices.
Do not write anything else on the label exept the name of the entities that know this address belongs to you.

> Then you can click on `Continue` which will now show you the address, and immediately copy it to the clipboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then you can click on `Continue` which will now show you the address, and you can copy it to the clipboard.
```

Reviewer 2: That's only when auto copy is on

:::details
### How do I change the gap limit of a wallet?

You can change the gap limit of an already existing Wasabi wallet by editing the wallet file.

> Open the wallet folder via search bar -> Wallet Folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the wallet folder by typing `Wallet Folder` in the search bar.
```

### Why do I have to label my address?

Bitcoin addresses look like cyphertext, they are not easily remembered and it's not clear how they were used previously.
When you do not label all your addresses, there is no meta-data for you to understand the context of your coins.

> Thus receiving addresses and sending transactions should be carefully labeled with the observers who knows that this address belongs to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus receiving addresses and sending transactions should be carefully labeled with the observers who know that this address belongs to you.
```
